Open a terminal (emp gitbash)
Type cd ~  (hit enter)
Type cd startnow-node200-ejs-portfolio  (hit enter)
Type npm start (hit enter)
open a new web browser  in the URL  area type localhost:8080 (hit enter)
	
	This is project was done on node, it was done with EJS,Html,and Css.This project was to help me with a way to display my skills in coding as well as  share to any one  who is interested in me, a little more about me. The project was  different in comparison to others in the sense that  is  was  easy yet hard at the same time. The hard part of this  project was the start. This project was one that had to be thought out from beginning to end. The process of this project involved planning to a degree. The first steps  required brainstorming and research. Looking through different  websites and portfolios to get an idea of what  was to be done. The second step was to draw it all out on paper and ask my peers  for their input. Even if this was my project peer input is a good way to get a feel for  what others  think as well as a  way  that can help you improve  your work.The third  step was  the work, from the brainstorm and the lay out. In this project the web site would be a parallax based site, the way that the parallax would be set would be in layers ranging from the fore layer to the deep layer. A lot of time and work went in to understanding how to build the layers as well as  the  way that the layers would move individually and separately. From there the project took on a life of its own as parts would be  built little at a time. Some of the blockers that were encountered, where in all stages of the project from the beginning till the very end. in the beginning the planning and deciding phase was a problem, twored the middle  there were a lot of issues with styling and how  things fit and  in the end the main blocker was having a 3rd party link  connect with the project.Over all this project was a great experience it had all the qualities of a project where you  had freedom to be as creative as you wanted. It also came with a lot of lessons  such as less is more and the devil is in the details. 

